README.md, before:

# HelloPdf

HTML to PDF generator using Chrome Headless for Ruby

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "hello-pdf", git: "git@github.com:agendrix/hello-pdf.git"
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Add hello-pdf's npm package:

    $ yarn add https://github.com/agendrix/hello-pdf.git

## Usage

```ruby
render(
  pdf: {
    name: "Filename",
    template: "path/to/view.pdf"
    options: { # These options are camelized and passed to Puppeteer (https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer/blob/v1.2.0/docs/api.md#pagepdfoptions)
      margin: {
        top: "1cm"
      }
    },
    header: {
      template: "path/to/header.pdf",
      locals: {
        title: "Lorem ipsum sit dolor amet"
      }
    }
  }
)
```

### Notes

Header and footer external resources (css, images, etc.) need to be embedded directly in the html (base64 for images).

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake test` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/agendrix/hello-pdf.

Commit message:

Layout fix (#1)
* Cleanup tests

+ Keep empty /tmp folder in git

* Update Readme

* Fix layout context in header and footer

* Using .keep to keep tmp folders in the repo

README.md, after:

# HelloPdf

HTML to PDF generator using Chrome Headless for Ruby

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "hello-pdf", git: "git@github.com:agendrix/hello-pdf.git"
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Add hello-pdf's npm package:

    $ yarn add https://github.com/agendrix/hello-pdf.git

## Usage

```ruby
render(
  pdf: {
    name: "Filename",
    template: "path/to/view.pdf"
    options: { # These options are camelized and passed to Puppeteer (https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer/blob/v1.2.0/docs/api.md#pagepdfoptions)
      margin: {
        top: "1cm"
      }
    },
    header: {
      template: "path/to/header.pdf",
      locals: {
        title: "Lorem ipsum sit dolor amet"
      }
    }
  }
)
```

### Notes

Header and footer external resources (css, images, etc.) need to be embedded directly in the html (base64 for images).
If the pdf generation hangs, it is probably due to the fact that their is some external resources in the header or the footer.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake test` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/agendrix/hello-pdf.
